---
layout: post
title: i Quit
subtitle:
cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [story]
---

# bye
so I quit my job my job the other day.
However this time around it was actually with mixed feelings.

But let me start elsewhere.

# Where it began
So I came into a small yet cool company where everyone was actually communicating and it even was on a technical level above the typical restart of a printer spooler service or a critical file restore request of a DFS system that should’ve been killed with fire before it layed eggs (oh the text, its flowing through me).
Anyway im drifting.

So I started at that cool tech company where everyone was communicating and to top it off I got taught how to lay my finger on the pulse of technological progress.
At least in some sort, I'm still a newb in most parts but I now know git and docker lol.


# WHAT CAN GO WRONG !!!!
## (ye what should go wrong)

So, they say, luck only lasts so long and before I knew it, the first person left.

However that person was the first of a series of people who went and left the company over the next few years to come.
Each and everyone going with a promise from specific individuals that their blank will be filled.

## can you guess ?

Yup.
So now I'm here.
One of the last few remaining people in a small team, where communication has long since stopped.
(and no, this didn’t happen due to covid or Homeoffice).

# Tension
Became so much of an issue, that people stopped reporting errors.
Instead the blaming began.

And yes, even I began to look for _failures in individuals_.

This is where my dilemma began.

Yes I know there aren’t ‘friends’ at any company, however yet, there are a few still aboard this boat whom I still like and it’s a hard, unspoken reality, that the next who leaves will shoot the first hole in this fragile boat.

Yet, tension, anger, stress all only kept piling, rising with no end in sight and an ongoing promise of “just make it till next year, we can afford another position by then”.

How long can you keep up with this ?
For me I had my fill.
It's just a job after all and to be fully honest, everyone, me included should be replaceable!
If not, am I the one to blame ?
I don’t think so.

So I offered the ones, I’d like to support the team for as long as I can however, this time around with a twist. From now on, only from my free time and without compensation.
Yes I know, but this was the only offer I could make that would allow me to exit without being consumed 24/6 again.
Also I really liked the team and the work we do.

However I've had my fill of empty promises and starting to sell snake oil(s), just for the quick buck.

and thats where I quit.

# No Ragrets!
Do I feel regret?
No.
Do I feel insecure?
Yes, for a lot of reasons.

# But at the end of the day
Not only does it make me feel free, deep down I hope this will serve as the needed shock to the system _they_ need to get their heads out of their asses and listen to the important people again, instead of their egos.


/Eus
